Garry-Chan gets real
Current credit list on line 3, if you want your name changed or added, send me a message
Borrgb, Asplur, Beepo, Burstling, Bvnnystitch, daintbot, dora_angel, mar, GemA2Gen, PVMovies, SDXtreme

GAME OVERVIEW 
Garry-Chan gets real is an egg-like, or an "ironic and incoherent collectathon"
The gameplay is meant to be fast and without limits, though still controllable and never infuriating.
The game is meant to be silly, not to be taken seriously. But it still has to be good, of course.

GAMEPLAY
The objective of the game is to collect everything described on the next line, and to create Garry-Chan, who is also the player character (paradoxical!)
collect 15 magical cubes, 7 sun vertices, 3 roses from the rose thorn forest and 20 globs of essence. then, defeat the green skull using the drywall screw to create Garry-Chan
There are also optional collectibles that are either linked to quests or give you rewards.
You have to collect these items by travelling through various worlds which host a large amount of characters, a lot of which have quests linked to them.
Quests can vary greatly, but most will have you either going somewhere and collecting a thing, talking to another character or finding something
Every level is linked in with eachother, so there's multiple ways to enter each level.

MECHANICS
Garry-Chan gets real (i'll shorten it to GarryReal from now) Is a speedy game, there is in fact no speed limit. That doesn't mean it's uncontrollable though, there's currently two movement options that give you more control:
The Dash is a redirect of direction, that direction is decided by which direction you're aiming, contrary to normal movement which is omnidirectional.
The slash is a quick boost of speed, the direction in which that speed is given works the same as the dash.
Then there's of course the normal movement, walking, which has a max speed of about 20 and sprinting which has no max speed but is hard to control with slow acceleration and decelleration.

Besides movement there's of course the game systems, dialogue, collecting, quests and boss battles. Handled here one by one
Dialogue works just like in visual novels; A textbox at the bottom of the screen with a character portrait and an occasional choise the player can make. Dialogue has to be voiced and to stay in line with the rest of the game can't be too long (also easier for voice acting and file size)
Collecting is pretty simple, you trigger a condition, that be completing a quest, opening a chest or defeating a boss. An animation and a voice line plays.
How quests work is still to be decided
Boss Battles HAVE to be COOL!!! There is no combat, so it's more like a platforming gauntlet or time based thing

Story
It might be a silly wacky game. It might be based on a vtuber that a man with the last name 'King' bought for 2 grand. I don't care what it is, a story is always there to be told.
This is a game about creation. You get real. You create yourself.
